whispers in the dark Privacy Policy
Summary: we do not collect or transfer any private data.

Microphone access
The app accesses microphone feed in order to recognize a fixed grammar set of voice commands to provide accessible user input. The data is not transfered or stored. 

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in our application.

What personal information do we collect from the people that use our app?
We do not collect personal information from users of our game. 

Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.

Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.

Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en 
We have not enabled Google AdSense in our game.

COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.

We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13?

Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.

Whispers in the Dark
Last Edited on 2017-08-24
